Added two more sentences about the 'where' clause (#1329)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: pages/docs/reference/generics.md

</div>

> A where clause creates an intersection type; each sub-clause must be satisfied.  In the above example, the threshold and all list items must implement *both* CharSequence and Comparable.

Reviewer: Hi!
Thanks for your addition.
I suggest minor changes for better formatting and readability:

```suggestion
The passed type must satisfy all conditions of the `where` clause simultaneously. In the above example, the `T` type must implement *both* `CharSequence` and `Comparable`.
```

Regards, 
Pavel,
Kotlin technical writer.
